[Music]
the first time I came was with my father
and I just gotten louder the forest with
the amount of wildlife it was very
impressive to me
[Music]
when I realize the importance of this
region the biodiversity at the same time
I also realize about deforestation
threatening the region so I started
working
[Music]
apart from the trails we also built two
towers in order to observe the forest
above the forest we have about 595
species of birds which corresponds to
one third of all the Brazilian birds
[Music]
they are endangered species and they
only move in wild rivers
[Music]
I feel very proud of what I have created
because they have everything they need
in the forest and I really feel this is
the forest that I saw with my father
[Music]